1/1/2025
Firstly we assume we have the working arc1x SuperDistro.
We are using a sandbox-ai-assisted-image.

We have an operating system/platform or motherboard/computer and it has been converted to use GPU's and CPU's.
We have a standard operating system, we use a terminal.
We use a terminal that is connected to a screen.
It has been driver based or built on with bios-languages to allow for MOUSE/KEYBOARD/MONITOR and MOTHERBOARD-terminal usage.
This screen knows where it is, how big it is, its resolution, its parameters, when it is active, when it is being used visibly, how to load langauges on it, how to use multi-input or functional keystrokes and keymaps. It knows how to use a mouse, it knows where the mouse is and what the mouse says to it, it knows what the motherboard wants it to compute. It knows how to relay to RAM and show the reported codes.
It does everything one expects a computer screen to do and knows how to back itself up, optimize itself, and print out a failsafe or killswitch itself or default profile itself.
It uses the profile between the drivers and the devices which it uses, it can split itself up in many settings or share its screen or passthrough to other screens as needed or integrate for other screens or PROGRAMS.
It does everything under the bios and diagnostic firmwares for it to compensate with or without the profile, and it is capable of hosting itself using virtualized systems or integrated-optimizations in its own settings with the drivers/devices or operating system it is using.

It has been built off MORSE/binary long/short pulse and or graduated to hexidecimal or other logistic-circuit-languages in which to commit and encode itself.
IT HAS ENCODED itself based off binary/morse/hexidecimal ETC. It has been able to keymap its own alphabetical language and numerical/symbol language from that.
In those ways and more hybridsof those ways, it has more or less 10 language systems all which are built upon those originating inputs or grubworks.
It uses those in such a way that corresponds to the motherboard, and has established its language from that in such a way it may also communicate with other languages.
It may encrypt as needed, in fact it will also further integrate langauges per device such as with the keyboard/mouse/monitor or motherboard and driverbases.
Consequentially it will use 10base langauges and 10device languages in which it will form 20 langauges and a hybrid of those as 21.
It will meet the bare minimum permutation of those languages to work across the board. (instead of having 42 or more which would be redundant, as it already is slightly redundant it will optimize what it needs to based off firmware/diagnositic bios etc)
